In this demonstration, you will learn how to push an update for a pull request.
Let's switch to Visual Studio.
As you can see, we work now as user Thomas.
In the previous clip, Julia has approved Thomas's pull request with suggestions.
So now in Team Explorer, let's go to pull requests.
Here you can see the Handle coffee shop commands pull requests,
and you can see that it was approved with suggestions.
So let's double-click this pull request, and let's click here on Open.
Now down here in Visual Studio, you can see the Pull Request Comments.
There is an active comment from Julia.
Hey Thomas Claudius Huber, you should include the paper cups in stock.
This comment was made in the CoffeeShopCommandHandler.cs file.
So let's click here on this file name to navigate to the file.
Here you can see Julia's comment,
which was added to the line where we write the Beans in stock to the console.
Let's turn off the comparison view to see the whole file.
Julia wrote, you should include the paper cups in stock.
Oh yes, that's actually a great idea.
We should also write the paper cups in stock to the console.
So let's hover this comment, and now we can like it,
and we can also add an answer.
Hi Julia, that's a great idea.
I'll add it in an update.
And let's click here on Comment.
Now let's go back to Team Explorer,
and let's open up the Program.cs file and let's scroll down here.
Oh, here we see actually the thumbs up.
Let's hover this, and now you can see that Julia likes this code.
Now let's go back to the Team Explorer, and let's exit this pull request view.
As you can see,
we are still on the feature/coffeeShopCommands branch for
which we have created the pull request.
So now let's update this branch.
Let's go to the Solution Explorer,
and let's open up the CoffeeShopCommandHandler class.
Let's scroll down, and here,
after we print out the Beans in stock of the found coffee shop,
let's add another Console.WriteLine,
and let's print out actually the Paper cups in stock.
And let's use the coffee shop's PaperCupsInStock property.
Let's add a semicolon, and now this looks good.
Let's quickly test if the application builds.
Yes, let's write here help, and let's type in,
for example, Freiburg,
and now you can see that we have here 250 paper cups in stock.
Great!
Let's quit the application.
Now let's go to Team Explorer, let's open up the Changes page,
and let's enter here a commit message.
Let's write here, Write paper cups in stock to console.
And let's commit and push that change.
We have already created a pull request for this branch,
so now let's go again to the Pull Requests page and let's
double-click here this pull request, and let's open it.
Here you can see that we have now two updates.
Update 1 is the original pull request,
and Update 2 contains the adjustment that we have just made to
write the paper cups in stock to the console.
So now let's select here Update 2,
and let's open the CoffeeShopCommandHandler.cs file.
Let's scroll down to the Console.WriteLine with the paper cups in
stock and let me turn off the comparison view.
You see here the old comment that we have made on Update 1.
Now let's right-click the line where we write the
paper cups in stock to the console.
Let's select Add Comment from the context menu.
Now let's write, Hi Julia, here are the paper cups in stock,
and let's click the Comment button to create this comment.
Now we are done with the update.
In the next clip,
we will switch back to user Julia and we will approve and complete this pull request.